README.md, before:

# Project 3 - *Twitter ios app*

**Twitter ios app** is a basic twitter app to read your tweets.

Time spent: **5** hours spent in total

## User Stories

The following **required** functionality is completed:

- [x] User sees app icon in home screen and styled launch screen. (1pt)
- [x] User can log in. (1pt)
- [x] User can log out. (1pt)
- [x] User stays logged in across restarts. (1pt)
- [x] User can view tweets with the user profile picture, username, and tweet text. (6pts)

The following **bonus** features are implemented:

- [x] User can pull to refresh. (1pt)
- [x] User can load past tweets infinitely. (2pts)

## Video Walkthrough

Here's a walkthrough of implemented user stories:
https://media.giphy.com/media/paFySbjuNM1wXnhdMN/giphy.gif?cid=790b76111f8e32cf0e22cdefb17e8a022df05d1fcded3d99&rid=giphy.gif&ct=g
<img src='https://media.giphy.com/media/paFySbjuNM1wXnhdMN/giphy.gif?cid=790b76111f8e32cf0e22cdefb17e8a022df05d1fcded3d99&rid=giphy.gif&ct=g' title='Video Walkthrough' width='' alt='Video Walkthrough' />

Commit message:

added post like and retweet features

README.md, after:

# Project 3 - *Twitter ios app*

# Twitter - Part II

This is a basic twitter app to view, compose, favorite, and retweet tweets.

Time spent: **5** hours spent in total

## User Stories


- [x] User can compose a tweet. (4pts)
- [x] User can favorite a tweet. (4pts)
- [x] User can retweet a tweet. (2pts)

The following **bonus** features are implemented:

- [ ] When composing a tweet, user sees a countdown for the number of characters remaining for the tweet (out of 280) (2pts)
- [ ] User can view their profile in a profile tab. (3pts)
- [ ] User sees embedded images in tweet if available. (3pts)

## Video Walkthrough

Here's a walkthrough of implemented user stories:
https://media.giphy.com/media/UldrvI5q7a78YvcnM7/giphy.gif
<img src='https://media.giphy.com/media/UldrvI5q7a78YvcnM7/giphy.gif' title='Video Walkthrough' width='' alt='Video Walkthrough' />


**Twitter ios app** is a basic twitter app to read your tweets.

Time spent: **5** hours spent in total

## User Stories

The following **required** functionality is completed:

- [x] User sees app icon in home screen and styled launch screen. (1pt)
- [x] User can log in. (1pt)
- [x] User can log out. (1pt)
- [x] User stays logged in across restarts. (1pt)
- [x] User can view tweets with the user profile picture, username, and tweet text. (6pts)

The following **bonus** features are implemented:

- [x] User can pull to refresh. (1pt)
- [x] User can load past tweets infinitely. (2pts)

## Video Walkthrough

Here's a walkthrough of implemented user stories:
https://media.giphy.com/media/paFySbjuNM1wXnhdMN/giphy.gif?cid=790b76111f8e32cf0e22cdefb17e8a022df05d1fcded3d99&rid=giphy.gif&ct=g
<img src='https://media.giphy.com/media/paFySbjuNM1wXnhdMN/giphy.gif?cid=790b76111f8e32cf0e22cdefb17e8a022df05d1fcded3d99&rid=giphy.gif&ct=g' title='Video Walkthrough' width='' alt='Video Walkthrough' />
